SoTAgg field conversion to FK to GraphQL Saved Query (#218)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config: docs/quick-start.md

5. Determine what data(variables) the Jinja2 templates need from Nautobot.

   1. See [Source of Truth Agg Details](./navigating-sot-agg.md)
   2. In the UI `Extensibility -> GraphQL Queries`. Click Add.
   3. Populate the GraphQL data.

>    4. Make sure to follow the format specified in

Reviewer: specified in....
Is this missing the rest of the sentence?

Author: Looks like it. I'll get it fixed.

   5. Click Create.
   6. Navigate to `Plugins -> Settings` under the Golden Configuration Section.

>    7. Fill out SoTAgg field. (The dropdown will show the GraphQL query that was just created.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   7. Select a SoTAgg Saved Query. (The dropdown will show the GraphQL query that was just created.).
```
